---
title: "Taking the technology to the next level"
description: "After more than 10 years being locally developed, BSQ technology is taking the next step into the international market with a new brand and website."
img: "/images/posts/next-lv.jpg"
english: true
eslink: "../es/blog/posts/29-6-21"
weight: 1
setdate: "2021-06-29"
top1: "true"
top2: "false"
top3: "false"
type: "blog"
layout: "post"
draft: false
---

For many first-time visitors to the site, the concepts behind BSQ technology can be novel and even generate some skepticism. However, BSQ Neo devices have been on the market for years, and were tested by numerous customers who saw favorable changes in their lives thanks to the incorporation of technology.

The BSQ technology was created by Carlos Belohlavek, a visionary man for some and a teacher for the few who had the opportunity to follow his teachings. As his daughter, I consider it important to preserve and spread the legacy that he left me, incorporating my knowledge into the concepts of this site.

Within this new chapter, it is necessary to mention the new brand QuaetherⓇ, whose name merges the concept of quantum and aether, alluding to the technology's operation. Similarly, the logo seeks to illustrate in a simplified way, how the non-useful quantum particles are purified and transformed into a signal suitable to be absorbed by the biofield.

The year 2020 provided a space for development, that resulted in the creation of the BSQ mini. Although there was a previous model considered portable, it had a reduced distribution due to design limitations. Advances in electronic components, led to a device that allows users to control their usage time and access the same maintenance benefits as the BSQ Neo.

Finally, I want to thank everyone who took the time to contribute testimonials on the site and who continue to use the technology. We remain at your disposal for any questions you may have.
