---
title: "Overcoming the pandemic with BSQ"
description: "This last 2 years have been a challenge for everyone, and we aim to provide a technology capable of keeping your spirits up while the world creates a new normality."
img: "/images/posts/covid.webp"
imgsocial: "https://i.postimg.cc/grPZ28TW/covid.jpg"
english: true
weight: 2
eslink: "/es/blog/posts/30-6-21"
setdate: "2021-06-31"
top1: "false"
top2: "true"
top3: "false"
type: "blog"
layout: "post"
draft: false
---

For many people, the beginning of the decade meant a change in their work routine, a distancing from their friends and the emergence of negative emotions, such as anxiety or uncertainty. Although there are different reactions to the same event, they all share the following results: a weakened biofield and a feeling of exhaustion, produced by  external influences.

While BSQ technology does not replace the recommendations of physicians or other qualified personnel, strengthening the biofield can open a window for those who are coping with illness, or have suffered emotional losses.

When evaluating the reasons why the biofield is weakened, it is necessary to distinguish between the symptoms and the real causes, since the reasons that led to this problems are often confused.

BSQ technology allows the biofield to be reinforced with energy from the environment and reduces the exhaustion of the person throughout the day. This results in two great benefits for the user. On the one hand, the improvement in mood makes it easier for the user to open up to new opportunities, which were not considered due to lack of energy, or limitation in thinking. On the other hand, the strengthening of the biofield implies an increase in the body's defenses, which reduces many of the perceived symptoms.

The effectiveness of the BSQ can also be complemented by codes, such as:

**BALANCING HUMOR**: FUNCTION-MEMORY-REACTION-NEO-TRANSFORMATION

**INCREASE MOTIVATION TO MEET THE GOAL**: FUNCTION-WORK-TRANSFORMATION-REACTION-MEMORY GOAL

**DISTEND RELATIONSHIPS**: MEMORY-FUNCTION-NEO-REACTION

> The last code begins with MEMORY because it works on pre-existing relationships, and feelings are evoked regarding each contact.

If those codes don't match your type of problem, you can always send us a message to info@quaether.com telling us the details and we will provide you with a custom code.
