---
title: "How to create a code from scratch"
description: "Connecting the concepts into a working code can be quite tricky, but don't worry. This guide will help you understand the logic steps behind building a code."
img: "/images/posts/code-idea.webp"
img-social: "https://i.postimg.cc/C5n1D5qx/code-idea.jpg"
english: true
weight: 3
eslink: "es/blog/posts/31-6-21"
setdate: "2021-06-31"
top1: "false"
top2: "false"
top3: "true"
type: "blog"
layout: "post"
draft: false
---

Before starting the formal explanation, it is necessary to remember that the codes, although they are **NOT** essential for the operation of the BSQ technology, the practice of this mental exercise allows the user to tune their biofield with the BSQ signal and improve the results obtained.

The first necessary component, prior to incorporating the concepts of the card, is the final objective of the code. The same chain of concepts can generate different codes as it is oriented to different objectives. This objective in most codes is associated with a verb, since it represents a specific action that must be performed.

>Although we talk about specific action, restricting the objective too much can reduce its effectiveness, since the creator does not know all the variables involved in the problem.

If we initialize the code with a verb, then it is necessary to start from the concept of *FUNCTION*. To do this, simply place your finger on the concept of the card and think about the previously established objective. As the reader gains experience in creating codes, he will be able to link the concepts to his personal ideas, without having to physically resort to the diagram.

With the finger positioned in *FUNCTION*, there are four possible paths to continue the chain. For this explanation, we assume that the goal is not directly related to the mind, so the concept of *MEMORY* will be used in the end to save the established code. That leaves us with three alternatives: *TRANSFORMATION* / *NEO* / *WORK*

>Some of the objectives directly related to the mind are: eliminate traumatic memories; transform self-perception; accept new experiences; among others.

*TRANSFORMATION*: To achieve the objective it is necessary that some element of the problem changes or is modified. When placing your finger on this concept, you must think about the element of the problem + the transformation that must occur.

*WORK*: There are results that require applying a force to unblock the problem. This strength can be physical or mental and usually involve intermediate tasks before reaching the final goal. When using this concept, one must think about the intermediate activities to be carried out.

*NEO*: When the elements that interact with the problem cannot be transformed or excited by an external force, it is necessary to include a new variable that modifies the result. Often the user does not have a clear idea about this new entity, so it is enough to think that it is necessary to "add something" and then use other concepts to limit the action that this variable must perform.


For those who chose *TRANSFORMATION*, the next step leads to three possible concepts: *WORK* / *NEO* / *REACTION*.

1.1 *WORK*: The objective does not only require that some element be transformed. The receiver must also take some intermediate action to reach the goal.

1.2 *NEO*: In addition to transforming the elements, it is necessary to include a new variable in the function.

1.3 *REACTION*: If carrying out a transformation the objective is reached, then we include this concept to initiate the closing of the code.


>It is not necessary for a code to contain all the concepts of the diagram. However, it is important to include the REACTION concept to reduce biofield rejection, so almost all codes will have REACTION-MEMORY as the last two concepts in the chain.


For those who chose *WORK*, the next step leads to three possible concepts: *TRANSFORMATION* / *NEO* / *MEMORY*.

2.1 *TRANSFORMATION*: The work to be done results in a transformation. That is, the transformation depends on an external force and does not happen spontaneously.

2.2 *NEO*: The result of the work is a new element that is added to the function to achieve the objective.

2.3 *MEMORY*: Although it is a valid option, it is not recommended to use it, unless the REACTION concept has been previously included, since the effectiveness of the code is reduced.


For those who chose *NEO*, the next step leads to three possible concepts: *TRANSFORMATION* / *WORK* / *REACTION*.

3.1 *TRANSFORMATION*: The new variable will serve to transform the pre-existing elements and thus achieve the objective.

3.2 *WORK*: The intermediate activity must be carried out by this new variable, thus generating the necessary external force.

3.3 *REACTION*: If the objective only requires a new variable to be reached, we proceed to initiate the closing of the code.


Regardless of the combination of concepts chosen, those readers who followed the explanation up to this point have a code of three concepts. They can then choose to close the chain or continue combining concepts as explained above.

>Codes are formed by combining concepts in a closed chain. This means that the concepts should not be repeated within the same chain and it is only enough that the last element joins the first in the diagram.

Once the code is finished, the reader continues with their daily routine. Only after three or seven days, depending on the complexity of the code, its effectiveness is evaluated and it is reinforced or changed if necessary. The effects are the result of the resonance between the code and the receptor's biofield. In the event that the code is not compatible, negative reactions will be observe, that must be corrected by adjusting the objective.
